README.md, before:

# Udemy-React
Modern React with Redux 2020 course offered by Udemy.  

Contains multiple JavaScript projects with different
applications, created by Joseph Bae as he follows the course.  

The projects included are  

## 1. JSX  
A JavaScript application simple to refresh the project maker's memory of
JavaScript  
![](/jsx/jsx.gif)  

## 2. Components  
A React JavaScript web application simply showing how to create different components.  
![](/components/components.gif)  

## 3. Seasons  
A React JavaScript web application that uses the user's browser's coordinates
to display whether it is summer or winter based on the current month.  
![](/seasons/seasons.gif)  

## 4. Pics  
A React web application that uses the Unsplash API,
and the Semantics-UI API to create a simple image search
using JavaScript, HTML, and CSS.  
![](/pics/pics.gif)  

## 5. Videos  
A React JavaScript web application that uses the Youtube API
to create a simple video browser using JavaScript,
HTML, and CSS.  
![](/videos/videos.gif)  

## 6. Widgets  
A React JavaScript web application that uses the Wikipedia API
Semantics-UI-API, and axios to use and create hooks to display
a React dropdown, a wikipedia search application, and a custom
navigation and search component.

![](/widgets/widgets.gif)

## 7. Videos-Hooks
A React Javascript web application that is a refactor of the 
earlier Videos react project that uses the YouTube API to create
a simple video browser
![](/videos-hooks/videos-hooks.gif)

## 8. Songs
A React-Redux Javascript web application that uses React-Redux to 
select and display songs along with each song's details.
![](/songs/songs.gif)

## 9. Blog
A React-Redux JavaScript web application that uses React-Redux, 
Semantic UI, and axios to display blog posts
![](/blog/blog.gif)

## 10. Store

![](/store/store.gif)

## 11. To Be Created

Commit message:

Section 19 Complete
Section 19 of the Modern React with Redux 2020 Update course with the completed blog application.

README.md, after:

# Udemy-React
Modern React with Redux 2020 course offered by Udemy.  

Contains multiple JavaScript projects with different
applications, created by Joseph Bae as he follows the course.  

The projects included are  

## 1. JSX  
A JavaScript application simple to refresh the project maker's memory of
JavaScript  
![](/jsx/jsx.gif)  

## 2. Components  
A React JavaScript web application simply showing how to create different components.  
![](/components/components.gif)  

## 3. Seasons  
A React JavaScript web application that uses the user's browser's coordinates
to display whether it is summer or winter based on the current month.  
![](/seasons/seasons.gif)  

## 4. Pics  
A React web application that uses the Unsplash API,
and the Semantics-UI API to create a simple image search
using JavaScript, HTML, and CSS.  
![](/pics/pics.gif)  

## 5. Videos  
A React JavaScript web application that uses the Youtube API
to create a simple video browser using JavaScript,
HTML, and CSS.  
![](/videos/videos.gif)  

## 6. Widgets  
A React JavaScript web application that uses the Wikipedia API
Semantics-UI-API, and axios to use and create hooks to display
a React dropdown, a wikipedia search application, and a custom
navigation and search component.

![](/widgets/widgets.gif)

## 7. Videos-Hooks
A React Javascript web application that is a refactor of the 
earlier Videos react project that uses the YouTube API to create
a simple video browser.
![](/videos-hooks/videos-hooks.gif)

## 8. Songs
A React-Redux Javascript web application that uses React-Redux to 
select and display songs along with each song's details.
![](/songs/songs.gif)

## 9. Blog
A React-Redux JavaScript web application that uses React-Redux, 
Semantic UI, JSONPlaceholder API, lodash, and axios to display 
blog posts.
![](/blog/blog.gif)

## 10. Twitch
A simple version of the popular streaming application Twitch,
created with React-Redux and the React Router.
![](/twitch/twitch.gif)

## 11. To Be Created
